welcome to the man of recaps this is
fear the walking dead season six episode
eight and remember you can watch all
these new episodes of fear the walking
dead on amc
plus plus check out all their other
great shows and lose yourself in their
immersive expansive epic worlds
yes fear of the walking dead is back and
we begin the second half of season six
here with gunslinger with a heart of
gold john dory he's in a real bad
headspace now though he wants to run
away and hide from the world in his
cabin his wife june didn't want to come
with him though it's like come on all
our friends are here we gotta stay and
help but john has had enough apparently
of this zombie apocalypse life he leaves
a scrabble message for june like he
always did but this one's a suicide note
yes he's just about to shoot himself
when a zombie walks up so he has to
shoot that instead but then more keep
coming and he's like okay let me go deal
with this first he can use up the river
to the bridge he fixed back in season
four and there's a whole herd of zombies
there now someone barricaded them here
he goes to the general store to check it
out and who does he find but dakota
and she's not alone she's with morgan
who i guess is injured again they go
back to john's cabin to eat some fish
and morgan fills john in on what's going
on
remember morgan's trying to build a new
settlement in the hidden valley he wants
to get their whole crew out of
virginia's clutches at first he was
going to trade her sister dakota for
them but dakota hates her sister she was
basically a prisoner there and doesn't
want to go back so it's probably going
to come down to a fight and morgan's
like well john glad i ran into you but
john's like sorry morgan i can't help
i've given up hope i'm going to just
stay here in my cabin and morgan's like
hey man i've been there but you can't
give up hope like we got a family we got
to fight for him john's going gonna give
them a ride across the bridge at least
but just then someone whoa
lassos morgan john promised he wasn't
gonna kill again but now he has to oh
shoots this guy so then he and morgan
have the same exact conversation again
come on man you can't give a pope no
sorry i've given up hope the guy shot
the truck i guess so it's busted now
luckily john has another truck sitting
there that he was going to fix up with
his dad one summer so while they're
scavenging parts to fix that truck
morgan's there too with the scrabble
pieces john i saw your suicide scrabble
note come on man you can't give up hope
no sorry morgan i've given up hope but
then it's finally time for an action
sequence because they got across the
zombie-infested bridge they put the
doors on the truck to form a wedge and
it's a pretty cool scene as they're
going through just killing a bunch of
zombies it's a whole thing there's lots
of shenanigans and basically they
shouldn't have let the 14 year old drive
but in the end they make it through so
morgan and john settle in for the same
conversation again this time morgan's
got a picture of john's dad but even
with that john is still not convinced
sorry morgan i just want to go back to
my cabin and kill myself so morgan calls
virginia on the walkie like hey come
meet me at john dory's cabin
now john can't go back there and it's
like hey that's what best friends do we
make decisions against your wishes that
are for the best for you
then while john and dakota are cleaning
up a zombie grabs her whoa she's gotta
pull out her knife to stab it but wait
jon knows that knife
remember he tried to investigate the
suspicious death of that ranger he found
part of the knife handle that was the
murder weapon but he could never track
it down to find out who the killer was
well turns out
that's the knife yes it was dakota who
killed that guy
apparently he discovered how she was
sneaking in and out of latin and told
her sister virginia so she killed him as
revenge
it's like yo girl you can't just be
killing people and stuff and she's like
why not it's zombie apocalypse nothing
matters
john's trying to talk this crazy kid
down but oh she shoots him
what yeah she pushes him off the bridge
and john dory a major character has been
killed
i'm sad to see him go he was a good
character one of the few bright spots of
season four and five but wait what's
this he sees the picture of his father
down there and somehow that magically
heals him he's gonna be okay he jumps on
a door like leo and titanic and floats
on down the river so then morgan comes
back and dakota doesn't even try to come
up with a lie she's like yeah i'm sorry
i shot john dory in fact she tells him
another secret after the season five
finale when virginia shot him and left
him for dead
it was dakota who snuck over there and
healed him and she didn't save him for
any altruistic mission like building a
nice happy valley settlement she just
saved him because she wants him to kill
her sister virginia yeah this kid's got
issues so virginia shows up at the cabin
for the fake meeting morgan set up she's
like morgan where are you did you trick
me and he's like well yes but
actually no because now john dory's just
floating on down the river catch him and
patch him up
and indeed there he is his nurse wife
june's gonna patch him up it's gonna be
fine
except it was a double fake out he did
die
he bled out and turned into a zombie oh
this is a legitimately heartbreaking
moment between jon and june their grand
apocalypse romance ends here in
tragedy and that's where the episode
comes to an end
now you already know amc plus is the
place for all things the walking dead
but you also get access to a ton of
other great shows
if horror is your thing you're just in
time for shutters halfway to halloween
month with a packed lineup of new horror
shows and movies catch new episodes of
creep show season 2 still the most fun
you'll ever have being scared discover
the romance thriller a discovery of
witches where witches vampires and
demons live among us
a dangerous mystery and a forbidden
romance this kind of thing's my guilty
pleasure maybe you're into the punk
fantasy world of the watch where an
unlikely group of misfits have to find
the guts to save the world
a comedy adventure with wizards
werewolves and dragons i mean come on i
gotta check it out looking for an
action-packed crime drama you gotta
watch gangs of london enter the violent
streets of fictional modern london as
sean wallace hunts down his father's
killer and rises to the top of the
criminal underworld so click the link in
the description to sign up for your
seven day free trial of amc plus now get
all the walking dead content you love
plus explore the rest of their epic
worlds if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you loved
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member